[MUSIC]
>> Aaron Frost: So I've kind of showed
you how you would use patterns.
Let's talk about
the intricacies of the patterns.
So if I tried to pull a out of
empty object, it's going to throw.
If I refute the whole thing and
I try and pull a out of it and
assign it to x,
x is just gonna be undefined.
If I try and pull a out of 0,
I'm going to get undefined, as long as
I've made the whole thing refutable.
If I just refute a in an empty object,
I'm still okay.
And if I only refute a on 0, like I'm
trying to pull a out of this primitive,
but I didn't refute the whole pattern,
then it's going to freak out.
Cuz the second it gets into this pattern,
it's gonna try to treat it like an object,
which is you know make you freak out.
So you'd have to refute the whole
thing if it wasn't an object so.
Was that too much?
No, we're good, cuz I've got more.
>> Aaron Frost: So here on the first one,
we refuted the whole, entire pattern.
And we've said pull a out of undefined and
set it equal to x and if that's
undefined then the default value is 1.
So, in the first line
x is going to equal 1.
Everyone see that?
We're good.
Okay.
In the second one, I'm only refuting a.
So I've got the brace at the front,
which means
it's going to expect what's ever on the
right of the equal sign to be an object.
Which undefined isn't,
so it's gonna throw.
Even though I'm trying to say,
well I mean if it's empty,
if it's undefined, just make it 1.
Well, your pattern wasn't
the kind that can escape errors,
you'd need to refute the whole thing if
you're gonna possibly get a 1 in there.
And then again, if you just refuted
a single property on an empty object,
as long as it's an empty
object you're good to go,.
So good question.
Diego says, do I want to throw errors?
I don't know, you may.
>> Speaker 2: It was I think [CROSSTALK]
>> Aaron Frost: If you're writing
a framework it may be more important
than if you're up to [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: Again, I think they were
kind of asking earlier, somebody was
saying it kind of looks like you're just
refuting every object everywhere.
>> Aaron Frost: That's the thing,
that's why I was like dude I'm not sure
that the first time I read this I was like
explain to me when I wouldn't refute.
It's just gonna be like a pattern with
a ton of question marks peppered in.
Like why wouldn't I just
refute the whole thing?
And that's a good question,man.
And they may change it in the next version
because I think everyone is gonna wonder
that same exact thing.
I wondered it the first time I saw it and
tried it out, too.
Yeah?
>> Speaker 3: I'm sorry I know
you already said this, but
can you have a default
value if you don't refute?
>> Aaron Frost: So-
>> Speaker 3: I mean,
like your default value
seems to imply irrefutable.
>> Aaron Frost: Yes, so check this out,
as long as the key was there.
So, can I actually do this here?
>> Aaron Frost: Okay, so if I say
>> Speaker 3: Okay yeah.
>> Aaron Frost: Sorry.
>> Aaron Frost: What the French?
I don't know.
You should be able to.
I don't think this is the working
implementation cuz this should work and
it's not so.
So, yeah good question though.
>> Speaker 2: So is it just work like
essentially like using the double pipe,
like if it's falsy it'll just go to
your defaults or is it for undefined?
>> Aaron Frost: I think
it's just undefined.
It's not falsy.
Yeah, it's not falsy.
And we'll get into default values in a
second, so we'll talk about what triggers
that assignment expression.
Does anyone have any questions about this,
about these patterns with default values?
So far we're good.
How awesome is this one.
Someone asked about nested objects.
What was your name?
>> Kim: Kim.
>> Aaron Frost: Kim.
So Kim you asked about nested objects.
So this is nested objects.
So I'm gonna highlight,
the stuff that matters.
So we're trying to do structure.
So we said, find the b property and
pull the c out of it.
The sun is bad.
Pull the c out of it.
But we didn't add any refutability
to this, so this is irrefutable.
So when we're trying to pull c,
out of that and
it's not there, it's gonna throw an error.
But maybe we can do an example.
Maybe I have another
site where we do this.
But if I wanted that to be forgiving,
we could just refute that one piece,
and then it wouldn't
matter what b is equal to.
It would accept it because it's refutable.
And then over here we refuted
the whole entire statement.
So nothing needs to be anything really.
Everything will equal
undefined if we don't.
This whole side could be undefined and
because we've refuted the whole side,
we should be safe.
So that's nested.
I think I have some more
examples of it though.
Yeah, sorry nested, I skipped this.
I even have a slide saying I skipped this,
but I forgot that I wrote.
Okay, so if I wanna pull out address and
I don't necessary
want an address variable all I really
care about is the city, states and zip.
This is how you would do that.
You would say find the address and
pull out all the city, state and
zip out of it and
make those three variables.
So, I actually here I wouldn't
end up with an address variable.
So yeah, any questions there?
>> Aaron Frost: Everyone
see what's going on?
So here, as far as of available
variables I could reference,
I'd have name, age, city, state, and zip.
I wouldn't have anything else.
Any questions?
You guys all kind of look glazed over so
I feel like I'm not doing a very good
job right now I feel like I've lost it.
We're good?
>> Speaker 2: It's good,
it's just a lot of, I mean,
this is pretty straightforward syntax,
but would call that or
with a question mark-
>> Aaron Frost: With that last slide?
>> Speaker 2: For extension and
the defaults, that one's,
kind of, I would need a minute to
destructure that one in my head.
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah,
come punch me in the face and
it will probably look better afterwards,
right?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH]
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah,
I know it's a lot to take in.
So, here's how I can alias the city,
state, and
zip again on the nested pattern.
Did anyone wanna ask questions?
Like, I'm just gonna show this,
just to get the look back?
Hold on?
Cuz this is where everyone kinda was like,
no, yes, five, whatever.
Yeah, so all right, you still have smiles,
I'm gonna leave it up here.
Does anyone have any questions
about it we talked about?
Internets, you guys just get it?
>> Speaker 2: So that one lingering
question I mentioned was Ben had asked
can you destructure every property?
>> Aaron Frost: Yeah, so
can I destructure with like a star?
No.
No, no, no and let me explain why.
So, Ben was saying, can I do this?
Ben wanted to do this.
So we got person
up there, var.
Ben wanted to know if I could do that.
And I just have it throw
all the properties from
person on to the current
scope as variables.
No, you can't do that.
So, so yeah, you're welcome.
Hopefully, no one else wanted to do that
cuz I don't think I was a very good idea.
But yeah, so you can't do that,
star is not part of this pattern.
I know it's part of a lot of patterns and
we've kind of we see star ,we hear
the word pattern and we're like star.
No, there's no a star in this pattern.